add caution about removing package (#302)
vrchat-community/creator-companion: Docs/docs/guides/create-listing.md

You can create and share your own custom package listings, including your own packages as well as open source packages from the community.

<!-- Don't forget sync this caution with vpm/packages.md -->

:::caution

> Do not remove old versions of your VPM packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not remove old versions of your VPM packages after publishing them.
```

> :::caution
> 
> You SHOULD NOT remove any versions you've published.
> It breaks projects under source control system.
> Projects under source control system doesn't include contents of vpm package.
> See [Using Source Control with the VPM](https://vcc.docs.vrchat.com/vpm/source-control) for more details packages on source control system.
> 
> :::
> 

Reviewer: What do you think of shortening the warning?

```suggestion
:::caution

Do not remove old versions of your VPM package when adding new versions.
Removing old versions will break projects using [source control](https://vcc.docs.vrchat.com/vpm/source-control).

:::

```

Author: I think shortening the warning is good. I'll copy notice to packages soon.
